v6.0.0 (#58)
elastic/require-in-the-middle: CHANGELOG.md

# require-in-the-middle changelog

## v6.0.0

> - Drop node v6 support. New minimum supported node version is v8.6.0.
>   (This is the min support node version for elastic-apm-node@3 that uses
>   this module.)
> - Add testing of node v19.
> - Rename default branch from "master" to "main".
> - Should there be a need to do 5.x maintenance releases there is a
>   [5.x branch](https://github.com/elastic/require-in-the-middle/tree/5.x).
> 
> 

Reviewer: Just personal formatting nits. Feel free to ignore 😅 

```suggestion
- Drop Node.js 6 support. New minimum supported Node.js version is 8.6.0.
  (This is the minimum supported Node.js version for elastic-apm-node@3 that uses
  this module.)
- Add testing of Node.js 19.
- Rename default branch from `master` to `main`.
- Should there be a need to do 5.x maintenance releases there is a
  [5.x branch](https://github.com/elastic/require-in-the-middle/tree/5.x).

```
